Tests are defined in an object hash mapping test names to test objects. A test
object may have the following properties, of which only the "iterations" and
"test" properties are required:

  asyncSetup (Boolean):
    By default, setup functions are assumed to be synchronous. Set this to true
    to indicate that your setup function is asynchronous. This will cause the
    test runner to wait for you to explicitly indicate completion by calling
    done() from within the setup function.

    You may optionally pass a value to done(). To indicate a setup failure, pass
    false, and the test will be aborted (just as it would if you returned false
    from a synchronous setup function).

  asyncTeardown (Boolean):
    By default, teardown functions are assumed to be synchronous. Set this to
    true to indicate that your teardown function is asynchronous. This will
    cause the test runner to wait for you to explicitly indicate completion by
    calling done() from within the teardown function.

  bootstrapYUI (Boolean):
    By default, all sandboxes are pristine. Set this to true to automatically
    bootstrap YUI 3 core and Loader (from the local YUI 3 checkout) into the
    test sandbox.

  duration (Number):
    Time duration in milliseconds during which the number of successful runs
    will be counted when using time-based testing. Defaults to 1000 if not
    specified.

  iterations (Number):
    Number of iterations to run when using iteration-based testing. Required.

  preloadUrls (Object):
    Object hash of keys mapped to URLs. Each URL will be preloaded via XHR, and
    its contents will be made available to the setup/teardown/test functions as
    sandbox.preload.key, where "key" is the same key that was used on the
    preloadUrls object.

    Any relative URL will be loaded directly, whereas any URL with an http:// or
    https:// prefix will be loaded via a cross-domain proxy on the performance
    server.

  setup (Function):
    Setup function to execute before each iteration of the test. Runs in the
    same sandbox as the test. If the setup function returns false, the test will
    be aborted.

  teardown (Function):
    Teardown function to execute after each iteration of the test. Runs in the
    same sandbox as the test.

  test (Function):
    The test itself, each iteration of which will be timed. The test function
    must call done() when it's completely finished; until this happens, the
    next test cannot run and the profile timer will keep ticking.

    If you pass false to done(), the test will be considered a failure.
    Otherwise it will be considered a success.

  useStrictSandbox (Boolean):
    By default, each test gets a single sandbox which is reused for all
    iterations of that test. Set this to true if you want a brand new sandbox
    to be created for each iteration of the test.

  warmup (Boolean):
    If this is true, the test will be run once (and timing data discarded) as a
    warmup before the main iterations begin.

Your test code in the setup, test, and teardown functions also has access to a
special "sandbox" object, on which your test may get and set properties to share
information with the test runner.

The sandbox object contains the following utility methods:

  log()
    Sends a Y.log() call to the sandbox's parent window. All standard Y.log()
    arguments and functionality apply.

  xhrGet(url)
    Performs a synchronous XMLHttpRequest on the specified URL and returns the
    responseText. If the XHR call fails (for example, due to a same-origin
    restriction or because the test is being run from the local filesystem),
    null will be returned and a warning will be logged in the parent window.
